[Excel] (Custom Functions) Add note about Windows version needed to run CFs (#707)
OfficeDev/office-js-docs-pr: docs/excel/custom-functions-overview.md

---

> ms.date: 01/23/2019

Author: ```suggestion
ms.date: 01/30/2019
```

- Custom functions in Excel Online may stop working during a session after a period of inactivity. Refresh the browser page (F5) and re-enter a custom function to restore the feature.
- You may see the **#GETTING_DATA** temporary result within the cell(s) of a worksheet if you have multiple add-ins running on Excel for Windows. Close all Excel windows and restart Excel.
- Debugging tools specifically for custom functions may be available in the future. In the meantime, you can debug on Excel Online using F12 developer tools. See more details in [Custom functions best practices](custom-functions-best-practices.md).
- In the 32 bit version of the Office 365 *December* Insiders Version 1901 (Build 11128.20000),  Custom functions may not work properly. In some cases you can workaround this bug by downloading the file at https://github.com/OfficeDev/Excel-Custom-Functions/blob/december-insiders-workaround/excel-udf-host.win32.bundle. Then, copy it your "C:\Program Files (x86)\Microsoft Office\root\Office16" folder.

> - As of January 2019, you must be part of the [Windows Insider](https://insider.windows.com/) program at the **Insider** level (formerly called "Insider Fast"), running Windows Redstone 4.0 or later to use custom functions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- As of January 2019, you must be part of the [Windows Insider](https://insider.windows.com/) program at the **Insider** level (formerly called "Insider Fast"), running Windows 10 April 2018 Update or later to use custom functions.
```
